What’s going on?
A runaway vehicle from the other side crashed into us.
strictly prohibited
Yes, sir.
Are you okay?
I’m fine.
Seems like something’s up?
When we braked just now,
I think I accidentally touched her…
Sorry, it wasn’t on purpose.
When did I become so sensitive?
What do I do? It’s over.
Why are you apologizing?
Did I say I minded?
Ji Lingling, do you want to kiss me?
If you don’t, stop looking at me
with those innocent eyes.
Otherwise, I might not be able
to hold back and disrespect you.
No need to be nervous. Be my woman.
My body,
you can touch it however you want.
My God, who wants to touch him?
I don’t like it.
In the future, I’ll make you like it.
Ji Lingling,
with that expression,
it’s like you’re suffering a huge loss, huh?
You’re not losing out at all.
My body,
besides my mom,
you’re the only one who hasn’t betrayed me.